Add new properties to TextDecoder interface. (#11063)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/textdecoder/fatal/index.md

---
title: TextDecoder.fatal
slug: Web/API/TextDecoder/fatal
tags:
  - Property
  - Reference
browser-compat: api.TextDecoder.fatal
---
{{DefaultAPISidebar("")}}

> The **`fatal`** property of the {{domxref("TextDecoder")}} interface is a {{jsxref('Boolean')}} indicating whether the error mode is fatal.

Reviewer: Is there a link or info we can provide on an error mode is? Just doesn't feel like these docs add very much.

> The **`fatal`** property of the {{domxref("TextDecoder")}} interface is a {{jsxref('Boolean')}} indicating whether the error mode is fatal. If this value is `true`, the processed text cannot be decocded becaue of malformed data. If this value is `false` malformed data is replaced with placeholder characters.

Reviewer: Typo fix
```suggestion
The **`fatal`** property of the {{domxref("TextDecoder")}} interface is a {{jsxref('Boolean')}} indicating whether the error mode is fatal.
If this value is `true`, the processed text cannot be decoded because of malformed data.
If this value is `false` malformed data is replaced with placeholder characters.
```

---
title: TextDecoder.fatal
slug: Web/API/TextDecoder/fatal
tags:

>   - Property
>   - Reference

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - API
  - TextDecoder
  - fatal
  - Property
  - Reference
```
Tags are a bit crap, and I'm not sure which are absolutely needed. But the template guidance says this set.
